feat: add basicauth (#44)
zitadel/zitadel-tools: README.md

# zitadel-tools

## key2jwt 

Convert a *key file* to *jwt token*

### Usage

> key2jwt requires two flags (and will print result in stdout):
> 
> - audience: where the assertion is going to be used (e.g. https://issuer.zitadel.ch)
> - key: the path to the key.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
key2jwt requires two flags:

- audience: where the assertion is going to be used (e.g. https://issuer.zitadel.ch)
- key: the path to the key.json

The tool prints the result to standard output.
```

```zsh

> ./key2jwt -audience=https://issuer.zitadel.ch -key=key.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go run ./cmd/jwt/*.go -audience=https://issuer.zitadel.ch -key=key.json
```

```

Optionally you can pass an `output` flag. This will save the jwt in the provided file path:

```zsh

> ./key2jwt -audience=https://issuer.zitadel.ch -key=key.json -output=jwt.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go run ./cmd/jwt/*.go -audience=https://issuer.zitadel.ch -key=key.json -output=jwt.txt
```

```
./key2jwt -audience=https://issuer.zitadel.ch -key=key.json -output=jwt.txt
```

## basicauth

> Convert Client ID and secret to be used in Authentication Header for [Client Secret Basic](https://docs.zitadel.com/docs/apis/openidoauth/authn-methods#client-secret-basic)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convert *client ID* and *client secret* to be used in *Authorization* header for [Client Secret Basic](https://docs.zitadel.com/docs/apis/openidoauth/authn-methods#client-secret-basic)
```

### Usage

> basicauth requires two flags (and will print result in stdout):
> 
> - id: client id
> - secret: client secret
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
basicauth requires two flags:

- id: client id
- secret: client secret

The tool prints the URL- and Base64 encoded result to standard output
```

```zsh

> ./basicauth -id $CLIENT_ID -secret $CLIENT_SECRET

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go run ./cmd/basicauth/*.go -id $CLIENT_ID -secret $CLIENT_SECRET
```
also for key2jwt...
